1. bayesian robust attributed graph clustering: joint learning of partial anomalies and group structure.
https://www.aaai.org/ocs/index.php/AAAI/AAAI18/paper/view/16363
被引数：955    aaai2018
Abstract
html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Frameset//EN"
	"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-frameset.d
td"

2. a loss framework for calibrated anomaly detection.
http://papers.nips.cc/paper/7422-a-loss-framework-for-calibrated-anomaly-detection
被引数：285    nips2018
Abstract
One way to describe anomalies is by saying that anomalies are not concentrated. This leads to the pr
oblem of finding level sets for the data generating density. We interpret this learning problem as a
 binary classification problem and compare the corresponding classification risk with the standard p
erformance measure for the density level problem. In particular it turns out that the empirical clas
sification risk can serve as an empirical performance measure for the anomaly detection problem. Thi
s allows us to compare different anomaly detection algorithms empirically, i.e. with the help of a t
est set. Furthermore, by the above interpretation we can give a strong justification for the well-kn
own heuristic of artificially sampling "labeled" samples, provided that the sampling plan is well ch
osen. In particular this enables us to propose a support vector machine (SVM) for anomaly detection 
for which we can easily establish universal consistency. Finally, we report some experiments which c
ompare our SVM to other commonly used methods including the standard one-class SVM.

3. a discriminative framework for anomaly detection in large videos.
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-46454-1_21
被引数：134    eccv2016
Abstract
Obtaining models that capture imaging markers relevant for disease progression and treatment monitor
ing is challenging. Models are typically based on large amounts of data with annotated examples of k
nown markers aiming at automating detection. High annotation effort and the limitation to a vocabula
ry of known markers limit the power of such approaches. Here, we perform unsupervised learning to id
entify anomalies in imaging data as candidates for markers. We propose AnoGAN, a deep convolutional 
generative adversarial network to learn a manifold of normal anatomical variability, accompanying a 
novel anomaly scoring scheme based on the mapping from image space to a latent space. Applied to new
 data, the model labels anomalies, and scores image patches indicating their fit into the learned di
stribution. Results on optical coherence tomography images of the retina demonstrate that the approa
ch correctly identifies anomalous images, such as images containing retinal fluid or hyperreflective
 foci.

4. a system for spatiotemporal anomaly localization in surveillance videos.
https://doi.org/10.1145/3123266.3127912
被引数：83    mm2017
Abstract
... but we have temporarily restricted your access to the Digital Library.
Your activity appears to 
be coming from some type of automated process.
To ensure the availability of the Digital Library we 
can not allow these types of requests to continue.
The restriction will be removed automatically onc
e this activity stops.


5. deep structured energy based models for anomaly detection.
http://proceedings.mlr.press/v48/zhai16.html
被引数：45    icml2016
Abstract
In this paper, we attack the anomaly detection problem by directly modeling the data distribution wi
th deep architectures. We propose deep structured energy based models (DSEBMs), where the energy fun
ction is the output of a deterministic deep neural network with structure. We develop novel model ar
chitectures to integrate EBMs with different types of data such as static data, sequential data, and
 spatial data, and apply appropriate model architectures to adapt to the data structure. Our trainin
g algorithm is built upon the recent development of score matching \cite{sm}, which connects an EBM 
with a regularized autoencoder, eliminating the need for complicated sampling method. Statistically 
sound decision criterion can be derived for anomaly detection purpose from the perspective of the en
ergy landscape of the data distribution. We investigate two decision criteria for performing anomaly
 detection: the energy score and the reconstruction error. Extensive empirical studies on benchmark 
tasks demonstrate that our proposed model consistently matches or outperforms all the competing meth
ods.

6. deep autoencoding gaussian mixture model for unsupervised anomaly detection.
https://openreview.net/forum?id=BJJLHbb0-
被引数：42    iclr2018
Abstract
Unsupervised anomaly detection on multi- or high-dimensional data is of great importance in both fun
damental machine learning research and industrial applications, for which density estimation lies at
 the core. Although previous approaches based on dimensionality reduction followed by density estima
tion have made fruitful progress, they mainly suffer from decoupled model learning with inconsistent
 optimization goals and incapability of preserving essential information in the low-dimensional spac
e. In this paper, we present a Deep Autoencoding Gaussian Mixture Model (DAGMM) for unsupervised ano
maly detection. Our model utilizes a deep autoencoder to generate a low-dimensional representation a
nd reconstruction error for each input data point, which is further fed into a Gaussian Mixture Mode
l (GMM). Instead of using decoupled two-stage training and the standard Expectation-Maximization (EM
) algorithm, DAGMM jointly optimizes the parameters of the deep autoencoder and the mixture model si
multaneously in an end-to-end fashion, leveraging a separate estimation network to facilitate the pa
rameter learning of the mixture model. The joint optimization, which well balances autoencoding reco
nstruction, density estimation of latent representation, and regularization, helps the autoencoder e
scape from less attractive local optima and further reduce reconstruction errors, avoiding the need 
of pre-training. Experimental results on several public benchmark datasets show that, DAGMM signific
antly outperforms state-of-the-art anomaly detection techniques, and achieves up to 14% improvement 
based on the standard F1 score.

7. a revisit of sparse coding based anomaly detection in stacked rnn framework
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_iccv_2017/html/Luo_A_Revisit_of_ICCV_2017_paper.html
被引数：27    iccv2017
Abstract
Motivated by the capability of sparse coding based anomaly detection, we propose a Temporally-cohere
nt Sparse Coding (TSC) where we enforce similar neighbouring frames be encoded with similar reconstr
uction coefficients. Then we map the TSC with a special type of stacked Recurrent Neural Network (sR
NN). By taking advantage of sRNN in learning all parameters simultaneously, the nontrivial hyper-par
ameter selection to TSC can be avoided, meanwhile with a shallow sRNN, the reconstruction coefficien
ts can be inferred within a forward pass, which reduces the computational cost for learning sparse c
oefficients. The contributions of this paper are two-fold: i) We propose a TSC, which can be mapped 
to a sRNN which facilitates the parameter optimization and accelerates the anomaly prediction. ii) W
e build a very large dataset which is even larger than the summation of all existing dataset for ano
maly detection in terms of both the volume of data and the diversity of scenes. Extensive experiment
s on both a toy dataset and real datasets demonstrate that our TSC based and sRNN based method consi
stently outperform existing methods, which validates the effectiveness of our method.

8. entity embedding-based anomaly detection for heterogeneous categorical events.
http://www.ijcai.org/Abstract/16/201
被引数：20    ijcai2016
Abstract
Anomaly detection plays an important role in modern data-driven security applications, such as detec
ting suspicious access to a socket from a process. In many cases, such events can be described as a 
collection of categorical values that are considered as entities of different types, which we call h
eterogeneous categorical events. Due to the lack of intrinsic distance measures among entities, and 
the exponentially large event space, most existing work relies heavily on heuristics to calculate ab
normal scores for events. Different from previous work, we propose a principled and unified probabil
istic model APE (Anomaly detection via Probabilistic pairwise interaction and Entity embedding) that
 directly models the likelihood of events. In this model, we embed entities into a common latent spa
ce using their observed co-occurrence in different events. More specifically, we first model the com
patibility of each pair of entities according to their embeddings. Then we utilize the weighted pair
wise interactions of different entity types to define the event probability. Using Noise-Contrastive
 Estimation with "context-dependent" noise distribution, our model can be learned efficiently regard
less of the large event space. Experimental results on real enterprise surveillance data show that o
ur methods can accurately detect abnormal events compared to other state-of-the-art abnormal detecti
on techniques.

9. real-world anomaly detection in surveillance videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2018/html/Sultani_Real-World_Anomaly_Detection_CVPR_2018_paper.html
被引数：17    cvpr2018
Abstract
Surveillance videos are able to capture a variety of realistic anomalies. In this paper, we propose 
to learn anomalies by exploiting both normal and anomalous videos. To avoid annotating the anomalous
 segments or clips in training videos, which is very time consuming, we propose to learn anomaly thr
ough the deep multiple instance ranking framework by leveraging weakly labeled training videos, i.e.
 the training labels (anomalous or normal) are at video-level instead of clip-level. In our approach
, we consider normal and anomalous videos as bags and video segments as instances in multiple instan
ce learning (MIL), and automatically learn a deep anomaly ranking model that predicts high anomaly s
cores for anomalous video segments. Furthermore, we introduce sparsity and temporal smoothness const
raints in the ranking loss function to better localize anomaly during training. We also introduce a 
new large-scale first of its kind dataset of 128 hours of videos. It consists of 1900 long and untri
mmed real-world surveillance videos, with 13 realistic anomalies such as fighting, road accident, bu
rglary, robbery, etc. as well as normal activities. This dataset can be used for two tasks. First, g
eneral anomaly detection considering all anomalies in one group and all normal activities in another
 group. Second, for recognizing each of 13 anomalous activities. Our experimental results show that 
our MIL method for anomaly detection achieves significant improvement on anomaly detection performan
ce as compared to the state-of-the-art approaches. We provide the results of several recent deep lea
rning baselines on anomalous activity recognition. The low recognition performance of these baseline
s reveals that our dataset is very challenging and opens more opportunities for future work.

10. radar: residual analysis for anomaly detection in attributed networks.
https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2017/299
被引数：14    ijcai2017
Abstract
Attributed networks are pervasive in different domains, ranging from social networks, gene regulator
y networks to financial transaction networks. This kind of rich network representation presents chal
lenges for anomaly detection due to the heterogeneity of two data representations. A vast majority o
f existing algorithms assume certain properties of anomalies are given a prior. Since various types 
of anomalies in real-world attributed networks coexist, the assumption that priori knowledge regardi
ng anomalies is available does not hold. In this paper, we investigate the problem of anomaly detect
ion in attributed networks generally from a residual analysis perspective, which has been shown to b
e effective in traditional anomaly detection problems. However, it is a non-trivial task in attribut
ed networks as interactions among instances complicate the residual modeling process. Methodological
ly, we propose a learning framework to characterize the residuals of attribute information and its c
oherence with network information for anomaly detection. By learning and analyzing the residuals, we
 detect anomalies whose behaviors are singularly different from the majority. Experiments on real da
tasets show the effectiveness and generality of the proposed framework.

11. unmasking the abnormal events in video
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_iccv_2017/html/Ionescu_Unmasking_the_Abnormal_ICCV_2017_paper.html
被引数：14    iccv2017
Abstract
We propose a novel framework for abnormal event detection in video that requires no training sequenc
es. Our framework is based on unmasking, a technique previously used for authorship verification in 
text documents, which we adapt to our task. We iteratively train a binary classifier to distinguish 
between two consecutive video sequences while removing at each step the most discriminant features. 
Higher training accuracy rates of the intermediately obtained classifiers represent abnormal events.
 To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to apply unmasking for a computer vision task.
 We compare our method with several state-of-the-art supervised and unsupervised methods on four ben
chmark data sets. The empirical results indicate that our abnormal event detection framework can ach
ieve state-of-the-art results, while running in real-time at 20 frames per second.

12. deep representation for abnormal event detection in crowded scenes.
https://doi.org/10.1145/2964284.2967290
被引数：11    mm2016
Abstract
Abnormal event detection is extremely important, especially for video surveillance. Nowadays, many d
etectors have been proposed based on hand-crafted features. However, it remains challenging to effec
tively distinguish abnormal events from normal ones. This paper proposes a deep representation based
 algorithm which extracts features in an unsupervised fashion. Specially, appearance, texture, and s
hort-term motion features are automatically learned and fused with stacked denoising autoencoders. S
ubsequently, long-term temporal clues are modeled with a long short-term memory (LSTM) recurrent net
work, in order to discover meaningful regularities of video events. The abnormal events are identifi
ed as samples which disobey these regularities. Moreover, this paper proposes a spatial anomaly dete
ction strategy via manifold ranking, aiming at excluding false alarms. Experiments and comparisons o
n real world datasets show that the proposed algorithm outperforms state of the arts for the abnorma
l event detection problem in crowded scenes.

13. spatio-temporal autoencoder for video anomaly detection.
https://doi.org/10.1145/3123266.3123451
被引数：11    mm2017
Abstract
Anomalous events detection in real-world video scenes is a challenging problem due to the complexity
 of "anomaly" as well as the cluttered backgrounds, objects and motions in the scenes. Most existing
 methods use hand-crafted features in local spatial regions to identify anomalies. In this paper, we
 propose a novel model called Spatio-Temporal AutoEncoder (ST AutoEncoder or STAE), which utilizes d
eep neural networks to learn video representation automatically and extracts features from both spat
ial and temporal dimensions by performing 3-dimensional convolutions. In addition to the reconstruct
ion loss used in existing typical autoencoders, we introduce a weight-decreasing prediction loss for
 generating future frames, which enhances the motion feature learning in videos. Since most anomaly 
detection datasets are restricted to appearance anomalies or unnatural motion anomalies, we collecte
d a new challenging dataset comprising a set of real-world traffic surveillance videos. Several expe
riments are performed on both the public benchmarks and our traffic dataset, which show that our pro
posed method remarkably outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches.

14. joint detection and recounting of abnormal events by learning deep generic knowledge
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_iccv_2017/html/Hinami_Joint_Detection_and_ICCV_2017_paper.html
被引数：11    iccv2017
Abstract
This paper addresses the problem of joint detection and recounting of abnormal events in videos. Rec
ounting of abnormal events, i.e., explaining why they are judged to be abnormal, is an unexplored bu
t critical task in video surveillance, because it helps human observers quickly judge if they are fa
lse alarms or not. To describe the events in the human-understandable form for event recounting, lea
rning generic knowledge about visual concepts (e.g., object and action) is crucial. Although convolu
tional neural networks (CNNs) have achieved promising results in learning such concepts, it remains 
an open question as to how to effectively use CNNs for abnormal event detection, mainly due to the e
nvironment-dependent nature of the anomaly detection. In this paper, we tackle this problem by integ
rating a generic CNN model and environment-dependent anomaly detectors. Our approach first learns CN
N with multiple visual tasks to exploit semantic information that is useful for detecting and recoun
ting abnormal events. By appropriately plugging the model into anomaly detectors, we can detect and 
recount abnormal events while taking advantage of the discriminative power of CNNs. Our approach out
performs the state-of-the-art on Avenue and UCSD Ped2 benchmarks for abnormal event detection and al
so produces promising results of abnormal event recounting.

15. deep anomaly detection with outlier exposure.
https://openreview.net/forum?id=HyxCxhRcY7
被引数：10    iclr2019
Abstract
It is important to detect anomalous inputs when deploying machine learning systems. The use of large
r and more complex inputs in deep learning magnifies the difficulty of distinguishing between anomal
ous and in-distribution examples. At the same time, diverse image and text data are available in eno
rmous quantities. We propose leveraging these data to improve deep anomaly detection by training ano
maly detectors against an auxiliary dataset of outliers, an approach we call Outlier Exposure (OE). 
This enables anomaly detectors to generalize and detect unseen anomalies. In extensive experiments o
n natural language processing and small- and large-scale vision tasks, we find that Outlier Exposure
 significantly improves detection performance. We also observe that cutting-edge generative models t
rained on CIFAR-10 may assign higher likelihoods to SVHN images than to CIFAR-10 images; we use OE t
o mitigate this issue. We also analyze the flexibility and robustness of Outlier Exposure, and ident
ify characteristics of the auxiliary dataset that improve performance.

16. what's wrong with that object? identifying images of unusual objects by modelling the detection score distribution
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2016/html/Wang_Whats_Wrong_With_CVPR_2016_paper.html
被引数：7    cvpr2016
Abstract
This paper studies the challenging problem of identifying unusual instances of known objects in imag
es within an "open world" setting. That is, we aim to find objects that are members of a known class
, but which are not typical of that class. Thus the "unusual object" should be distinguished from bo
th the "regular object" and the "other objects". Such unusual objects may be of interest in many app
lications such as surveillance or quality control. We propose to identify unusual objects by inspect
ing the distribution of object detection scores at multiple image regions. The key observation motiv
ating our approach is that "regular object" images, "unusual object" images and "other objects" imag
es exhibit different region-level scores in terms of both the score values and the spatial distribut
ions. To model these distributions we propose to use Gaussian Processes (GP) to construct two separa
te generative models, one for the "regular object" and the other for the "other objects". More speci
fically, we design a new covariance function to simultaneously model the detection score at a single
 location and the score dependencies between multiple regions. We demonstrate that the proposed appr
oach outperforms comparable methods on a new large dataset constructed for the purpose.

17. online weighted clustering for real-time abnormal event detection in video surveillance.
https://doi.org/10.1145/2964284.2967279
被引数：5    mm2016
Abstract
Detecting abnormal events in video surveillance is a challenging problem due to the large scale, str
eam fashion video data as well as the real-time constraint. In this paper, we present an online, ada
ptive, and real-time framework to address this problem. The spatial locations in a frame is partitio
ned into grids, in each grid the proposed Adaptive Multi-scale Histogram Optical Flow (AMHOF) featur
es are extracted and modelled by an Online Weighted Clustering (OWC) algorithm. The AMHOFs which can
not be fit to a cluster with large weight are regarded as abnormal events. The OWC algorithm is simp
le to implement and computational efficient. In addition, we improve the detection performance by a 
Multiple Target Tracking (MTT) algorithm. Experimental results demonstrate our approach outperforms 
the state-of-the-art approaches in pixel-level rate of detection at a processing speed of 30 FPS.

18. deep anomaly detection using geometric transformations.
http://papers.nips.cc/paper/8183-deep-anomaly-detection-using-geometric-transformations
被引数：5    nips2018
Abstract
We consider the problem of anomaly detection in images, and present a new detection technique. Given
 a sample of images, all known to belong to a normal'' class (e.g., dogs), we show how to train a de
ep neural model that can detect out-of-distribution images (i.e., non-dog objects). The main idea be
hind our scheme is to train a multi-class model to discriminate between dozens of geometric transfor
mations applied on all the given images. The auxiliary expertise learned by the model generates feat
ure detectors that effectively identify, at test time, anomalous images based on the softmax activat
ion statistics of the model when applied on transformed images. We present extensive experiments usi
ng the proposed detector, which indicate that our algorithm improves state-of-the-art methods by a w
ide margin.

19. future frame prediction for anomaly detection – a new baseline
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2018/html/Liu_Future_Frame_Prediction_CVPR_2018_paper.html
被引数：5    cvpr2018
Abstract
Anomaly detection in videos refers to the identification of events that do not conform to expected b
ehavior. However, almost all existing methods tackle the problem by minimizing the reconstruction er
rors of training data, which cannot guarantee a larger reconstruction error for an abnormal event. I
n this paper, we propose to tackle the anomaly detection problem within a video prediction framework
. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that leverages the difference between a predi
cted future frame and its ground truth to detect an abnormal event. To predict a future frame with h
igher quality for normal events, other than the commonly used appearance (spatial) constraints on in
tensity and gradient, we also introduce a motion (temporal) constraint in video prediction by enforc
ing the optical flow between predicted frames and ground truth frames to be consistent, and this is 
the first work that introduces a temporal constraint into the video prediction task. Such spatial an
d motion constraints facilitate the future frame prediction for normal events, and consequently faci
litate to identify those abnormal events that do not conform the expectation. Extensive experiments 
on both a toy dataset and some publicly available datasets validate the effectiveness of our method 
in terms of robustness to the uncertainty in normal events and the sensitivity to abnormal events

20. a deep neural network for unsupervised anomaly detection and diagnosis in multivariate time series data.
https://aaai.org/ojs/index.php/AAAI/article/view/3942
被引数：4    aaai2019
Abstract
Nowadays, multivariate time series data are increasingly collected in various real world systems, e.
g., power plants, wearable devices, etc. Anomaly detection and diagnosis in multivariate time series
 refer to identifying abnormal status in certain time steps and pinpointing the root causes. Buildin
g such a system, however, is challenging since it not only requires to capture the temporal dependen
cy in each time series, but also need encode the inter-correlations between different pairs of time 
series. In addition, the system should be robust to noise and provide operators with different level
s of anomaly scores based upon the severity of different incidents. Despite the fact that a number o
f unsupervised anomaly detection algorithms have been developed, few of them can jointly address the
se challenges. In this paper, we propose a Multi-Scale Convolutional Recurrent Encoder-Decoder (MSCR
ED), to perform anomaly detection and diagnosis in multivariate time series data. Specifically, MSCR
ED first constructs multi-scale (resolution) signature matrices to characterize multiple levels of t
he system statuses in different time steps. Subsequently, given the signature matrices, a convolutio
nal encoder is employed to encode the inter-sensor (time series) correlations and an attention based
 Convolutional Long-Short Term Memory (ConvLSTM) network is developed to capture the temporal patter
ns. Finally, based upon the feature maps which encode the inter-sensor correlations and temporal inf
ormation, a convolutional decoder is used to reconstruct the input signature matrices and the residu
al signature matrices are further utilized to detect and diagnose anomalies. Extensive empirical stu
dies based on a synthetic dataset and a real power plant dataset demonstrate that MSCRED can outperf
orm state-of-the-art baseline methods.

21. stochastic online anomaly analysis for streaming time series.
https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2017/445
被引数：4    ijcai2017
Abstract
Identifying patterns in time series that exhibit anomalous behavior is of increasing importance in m
any domains, such as financial and Web data analysis. In real applications, time series data often a
rrive continuously, and usually only a single scan is allowed through the data. Batch learning and r
etrospective segmentation methods would not be well applicable to such scenarios. In this paper, we 
present an online nonparametric Bayesian method OLAD for anomaly analysis in streaming time series. 
Moreover, we develop a novel and efficient online learning approach for the OLAD model based on stoc
hastic gradient descent. The proposed method can effectively learn the underlying dynamics of anomal
y-contaminated heavy-tailed time series and identify potential anomalous events. Empirical analysis 
on real-world datasets demonstrates the effectiveness of our method.
		    

22. toward a taxonomy and computational models of abnormalities in images.
http://www.aaai.org/ocs/index.php/AAAI/AAAI16/paper/view/12280
被引数：4    aaai2016
Abstract
The human visual system can spot an abnormal image, and reason about what makes it strange. This tas
k has not received enough attention in computer vision. In this paper we study various types of atyp
icalities in images in a more comprehensive way than has been done before. We propose a new dataset 
of abnormal images showing a wide range of atypicalities. We design human subject experiments to dis
cover a coarse taxonomy of the reasons for abnormality. Our experiments reveal three major categorie
s of abnormality: object-centric, scene-centric, and contextual. Based on this taxonomy, we propose 
a comprehensive computational model that can predict all different types of abnormality in images an
d outperform prior arts in abnormality recognition.

23. the unusual suspects: deep learning based mining of interesting entity trivia from knowledge graphs.
http://aaai.org/ocs/index.php/AAAI/AAAI17/paper/view/14585
被引数：3    aaai2017
Abstract
Not Accessible

24. anomalous: a joint modeling approach for anomaly detection on attributed networks.
https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2018/488
被引数：3    ijcai2018
Abstract
The key point of anomaly detection on attributed networks lies in the seamless integration of networ
k structure information and attribute information. A vast majority of existing works are mainly base
d on the Homophily assumption that implies the nodal attribute similarity of connected nodes. Noneth
eless, this assumption is untenable in practice as the existence of noisy and structurally irrelevan
t attributes may adversely affect the anomaly detection performance. Despite the fact that recent at
tempts perform subspace selection to address this issue, these algorithms treat subspace selection a
nd anomaly detection as two separate steps which often leads to suboptimal solutions. In this paper,
 we investigate how to fuse attribute and network structure information more synergistically to avoi
d the adverse effects brought by noisy and structurally irrelevant attributes. Methodologically, we 
propose a novel joint framework to conduct attribute selection and anomaly detection as a whole base
d on CUR decomposition and residual analysis. By filtering out noisy and irrelevant node attributes,
 we perform anomaly detection with the remaining representative attributes. Experimental results on 
both synthetic and real-world datasets corroborate the effectiveness of the proposed framework.
		  
  

25. multi-view anomaly detection via robust probabilistic latent variable models.
http://papers.nips.cc/paper/6456-multi-view-anomaly-detection-via-robust-probabilistic-latent-variable-models
被引数：3    nips2016
Abstract
We propose probabilistic latent variable models for multi-view anomaly detection, which is the task 
of finding instances that have inconsistent views given multi-view data. With the proposed model, al
l views of a non-anomalous instance are assumed to be generated from a single latent vector. On the 
other hand, an anomalous instance is assumed to have multiple latent vectors, and its different view
s are generated from different latent vectors. By inferring the number of latent vectors used for ea
ch instance with Dirichlet process priors, we obtain multi-view anomaly scores. The proposed model c
an be seen as a robust extension of probabilistic canonical correlation analysis for noisy multi-vie
w data. We present Bayesian inference procedures for the proposed model based on a stochastic EM alg
orithm. The effectiveness of the proposed model is demonstrated in terms of performance when detecti
ng multi-view anomalies.

26. temporal anomaly detection: calibrating the surprise.
https://aaai.org/ojs/index.php/AAAI/article/view/4261
被引数：2    aaai2019
Abstract
We propose a hybrid approach to temporal anomaly detection in access data of users to databases --- 
or more generally, any kind of subject-object co-occurrence data. We consider a high-dimensional set
ting that also requires fast computation at test time. Our methodology identifies anomalies based on
 a single stationary model, instead of requiring a full temporal one, which would be prohibitive in 
this setting. We learn a low-rank stationary model from the training data, and then fit a regression
 model for predicting the expected likelihood score of normal access patterns in the future. The dis
parity between the predicted likelihood score and the observed one is used to assess the `surprise' 
at test time. This approach enables calibration of the anomaly score, so that time-varying normal be
havior patterns are not considered anomalous. We provide a detailed description of the algorithm, in
cluding a convergence analysis, and report encouraging empirical results. One of the data sets that 
we tested, TDA, is new for the public domain. It consists of two months' worth of database access re
cords from a live system. Our code is publicly available at https://github.com/eyalgut/TLR_anomaly_d
etection.git. The TDA data set is available at https://www.kaggle.com/eyalgut/binary-traffic-matrice
s.

27. deep into hypersphere: robust and unsupervised anomaly discovery in dynamic networks.
https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2018/378
被引数：2    ijcai2018
Abstract
The increasing and flexible use of autonomous systems in many domains -- from intelligent transporta
tion systems, information systems, to business transaction management -- has led to challenges in un
derstanding the "normal" and "abnormal" behaviors of those systems. As the systems may be composed o
f internal states and relationships among sub-systems, it requires not only warning users to anomalo
us situations but also provides "transparency" about how the anomalies deviate from normalcy for mor
e appropriate intervention. We propose a unified anomaly discovery framework "DeepSphere" that simul
taneously meet the above two requirements -- identifying the anomalous cases and further exploring t
he cases' anomalous structure localized in spatial and temporal context. DeepSphere leverages deep a
utoencoders and hypersphere learning methods, having the capability of isolating anomaly pollution a
nd reconstructing normal behaviors. DeepSphere does not rely on human annotated samples and can gene
ralize to unseen data. Extensive experiments on both synthetic and real datasets demonstrate the con
sistent and robust performance of the proposed method.
		    

28. learning competitive and discriminative reconstructions for anomaly detection.
https://aaai.org/ojs/index.php/AAAI/article/view/4451
被引数：1    aaai2019
Abstract
Most of the existing methods for anomaly detection use only positive data to learn the data distribu
tion, thus they usually need a pre-defined threshold at the detection stage to determine whether a t
est instance is an outlier. Unfortunately, a good threshold is vital for the performance and it is r
eally hard to find an optimal one. In this paper, we take the discriminative information implied in 
unlabeled data into consideration and propose a new method for anomaly detection that can learn the 
labels of unlabelled data directly. Our proposed method has an end-to-end architecture with one enco
der and two decoders that are trained to model inliers and outliers' data distributions in a competi
tive way. This architecture works in a discriminative manner without suffering from overfitting, and
 the training algorithm of our model is adopted from SGD, thus it is efficient and scalable even for
 large-scale datasets. Empirical studies on 7 datasets including KDD99, MNIST, Caltech-256, and Imag
eNet etc. show that our model outperforms the state-of-the-art methods.

29. mantra-net: manipulation tracing network for detection and localization of image forgeries with anomalous features
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_CVPR_2019/html/Wu_ManTra-Net_Manipulation_Tracing_Network_for_Detection_and_Localization_of_Image_CVPR_2019_paper.html
被引数：1    cvpr2019
Abstract
To fight against real-life image forgery, which  commonly involves different types and combined mani
pulations, we propose a unified deep neural architecture called ManTra-Net. Unlike many existing sol
utions, ManTra-Net is an end-to-end network that performs both detection and localization without ex
tra preprocessing and postprocessing. \manifold   is a fully convolutional network and handles image
s of arbitrary sizes and many known forgery types such splicing, copy-move, removal, enhancement, an
d even unknown types. This paper has three salient contributions. We design a simple yet effective s
elf-supervised learning task to learn robust image manipulation traces from classifying 385 image ma
nipulation types. Further, we formulate the forgery localization problem as a local anomaly detectio
n problem, design a Z-score feature to capture local anomaly, and propose a novel long short-term me
mory solution to assess local anomalies. Finally, we carefully conduct ablation experiments to syste
matically optimize the proposed network design. Our extensive experimental results demonstrate the g
eneralizability, robustness and superiority of ManTra-Net, not only in single types of manipulations
/forgeries, but also in their complicated combinations. 

30. object-centric auto-encoders and dummy anomalies for abnormal event detection in video
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_CVPR_2019/html/Ionescu_Object-Centric_Auto-Encoders_and_Dummy_Anomalies_for_Abnormal_Event_Detection_in_CVPR_2019_paper.html
被引数：1    cvpr2019
Abstract
Abnormal event detection in video is a challenging vision problem. Most existing approaches formulat
e abnormal event detection as an outlier detection task, due to the scarcity of anomalous data durin
g training. Because of the lack of prior information regarding abnormal events, these methods are no
t fully-equipped to differentiate between normal and abnormal events. In this work, we formalize abn
ormal event detection as a one-versus-rest binary classification problem. Our contribution is two-fo
ld. First, we introduce an unsupervised feature learning framework based on object-centric convoluti
onal auto-encoders to encode both motion and appearance information. Second, we propose a supervised
 classification approach based on clustering the training samples into normality clusters. A one-ver
sus-rest abnormal event classifier is then employed to separate each normality cluster from the rest
. For the purpose of training the classifier, the other clusters act as dummy anomalies. During infe
rence, an object is labeled as abnormal if the highest classification score assigned by the one-vers
us-rest classifiers is negative. Comprehensive experiments are performed on four benchmarks: Avenue,
 ShanghaiTech, UCSD and UMN. Our approach provides superior results on all four data sets. On the la
rge-scale ShanghaiTech data set, our method provides an absolute gain of 8.4% in terms of frame-leve
l AUC compared to the state-of-the-art method.

31. a framework for anomaly reasoning: interpretation through concept formation for knowledge transfer and lifelong learning.
http://www.ijcai.org/Abstract/16/594
被引数：1    ijcai2016
Abstract
I am developing a framework for anomaly reasoning for agents that plan and learn in complex, sometim
es unfamiliar domains. Anomaly reasoning encompasses recognizing, interpreting, and reacting to unfa
miliar objects or familiar objects appearing in unexpected contexts. As a first approach, I propose 
an interpretation method in which agents form concepts from perceptions to create new representation
s for use in planning and decision making. An anomaly reasoning framework will make agents more vers
atile, facilitate learning transfer by pruning irrelevant features, relate new to known phenomena wi
th appropriate similarity metrics, and guide an agent to aspects of the environment most significant
 to its goals.

32. anomaly detection using autoencoders in high performance computing systems.
https://aaai.org/ojs/index.php/AAAI/article/view/4993
被引数：0    aaai2019
Abstract
We test our approach on a real supercomputer equipped with a fine-grained, scalable monitoring infra
structure that can provide large amount of data to characterize the system behaviour. The results ar
e extremely promising: after the training phase to learn the normal system behaviour, our method is 
capable of detecting anomalies that have never been seen before with a very good accuracy (values ra
nging between 88% and 96%).

33. uncovering specific-shape graph anomalies in attributed graphs.
https://aaai.org/ojs/index.php/AAAI/article/view/4483
被引数：0    aaai2019
Abstract
constraints in attributed graphs. Our approach can be used to many different graph anomaly settings.
 The traditional approaches can only support linear cost functions (e.g., an aggregation function fo
r the summation of node weights). However, our approach can employ more powerful nonlinear cost func
tions, and enjoys a rigorous theoretical guarantee on the near-optimal solution with the geometrical
 convergence rate.

34. multi-view anomaly detection: neighborhood in locality matters.
https://aaai.org/ojs/index.php/AAAI/article/view/4418
被引数：0    aaai2019
Abstract
Identifying anomalies in multi-view data is a difficult task due to the complicated data characteris
tics of anomalies. Specifically, there are two types of anomalies in multi-view data–anomalies that 
have inconsistent features across multiple views and anomalies that are consistently anomalous in ea
ch view. Existing multi-view anomaly detection approaches have some issues, e.g., they assume multip
le views of a normal instance share consistent and normal clustering structures while anomaly exhibi
ts anomalous clustering characteristics across multiple views. When there are no clusters in data, i
t is difficult for existing approaches to detect anomalies. Besides, existing approaches construct a
 profile of normal instances, then identify instances that do not conform to the normal profile as a
nomalies. The objective is formulated to profile normal instances, but not to estimate the set of no
rmal instances, which results in sub-optimal detectors. In addition, the model trained to profile no
rmal instances uses the entire dataset including anomalies. However, anomalies could undermine the m
odel, i.e., the model is not robust to anomalies. To address these issues, we propose the nearest ne
ighborbased MUlti-View Anomaly Detection (MUVAD) approach. Specifically, we first propose an anomaly
 measurement criterion and utilize this criterion to formulate the objective of MUVAD to estimate th
e set of normal instances explicitly. We further develop two concrete relaxations for implementing t
he MUVAD as MUVAD-QPR and MUVAD-FSR. Experimental results validate the superiority of the proposed M
UVAD approaches.

35. anomaly detection with multiple-hypotheses predictions.
http://proceedings.mlr.press/v97/nguyen19b.html
被引数：0    icml2019
Abstract
In one-class-learning tasks, only the normal case (foreground) can be modeled with data, whereas the
 variation of all possible anomalies is too erratic to be described by samples. Thus, due to the lac
k of representative data, the wide-spread discriminative approaches cannot cover such learning tasks
, and rather generative models,which attempt to learn the input density of the foreground, are used.
 However, generative models suffer from a large input dimensionality (as in images) and are typicall
y inefficient learners.We propose to learn the data distribution of the foreground more efficiently 
with a multi-hypotheses autoencoder. Moreover, the model is criticized by a discriminator, which pre
vents artificial data modes not supported by data, and which enforces diversity across hypotheses. O
ur multiple-hypotheses-based anomaly detection framework allows the reliable identification of out-o
f-distribution samples. For anomaly detection on CIFAR-10, it yields up to 3.9% points improvement o
ver previously reported results. On a real anomaly detection task, the approach reduces the error of
 the baseline models from 6.8% to 1.5%.
  

36. beatgan: anomalous rhythm detection using adversarially generated time series.
https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2019/616
被引数：0    ijcai2019
Abstract
Given a large-scale rhythmic time series containing mostly normal data segments (or `beats'), can we
 learn how to detect anomalous beats in an effective yet efficient way? For example, how can we dete
ct anomalous beats from electrocardiogram (ECG) readings? Existing approaches either require excessi
vely high amounts of labeled and balanced data for classification, or rely on less regularized recon
structions, resulting in lower accuracy in anomaly detection. Therefore, we propose BeatGAN, an unsu
pervised anomaly detection algorithm for time series data. BeatGAN outputs explainable results to pi
npoint the anomalous time ticks of an input beat, by comparing them to adversarially generated beats
. Its robustness is guaranteed by its regularization of reconstruction error using an adversarial ge
neration approach, as well as data augmentation using time series warping. Experiments show that Bea
tGAN accurately and efficiently detects anomalous beats in ECG time series, and routes doctors' atte
ntion to anomalous time ticks, achieving accuracy of nearly 0.95 AUC, and very fast inference (2.6 m
s per beat). In addition, we show that BeatGAN accurately detects unusual motions from multivariate 
motion-capture time series data, illustrating its generality.
		    

37. margin learning embedded prediction for video anomaly detection with a few anomalies.
https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2019/419
被引数：0    ijcai2019
Abstract
Classical semi-supervised video anomaly detection assumes that only normal data are available in the
 training set because of the rare and unbounded nature of anomalies. It is obviously, however, these
 infrequently observed abnormal events can actually help with the detection of identical or similar 
abnormal events, a line of thinking that motivates us to study open-set supervised anomaly detection
 with only a few types of abnormal observed events and many normal events available. Under the assum
ption that normal events can be well predicted, we propose a Margin Learning Embedded Prediction (ML
EP) framework. There are three features in MLEP- based open-set supervised video anomaly detection: 
i) we customize a video prediction framework that favors the prediction of normal events and distort
s the prediction of abnormal events; ii) The margin learning framework learns a more compact normal 
data distribution and enlarges the margin between normal and abnormal events. Since abnormal events 
are unbounded, our framework consequently helps with the detection of abnormal events, even for anom
alies that have never been previously observed. Therefore, our framework is suitable for the open-se
t supervised anomaly detection setting; iii) our framework can readily handle both frame-level and v
ideo-level anomaly annotations. Considering that video-level anomaly detection is more easily annota
ted in practice and that anomaly detection with a few anomalies is a more practical setting, our wor
k thus pushes the application of anomaly detection towards real scenarios. Extensive experiments val
idate the effectiveness of our framework for anomaly detection.
		    

38. loganomaly: unsupervised detection of sequential and quantitative anomalies in unstructured logs.
https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2019/658
被引数：0    ijcai2019
Abstract
Recording runtime status via logs is common for almost every computer system, and detecting anomalie
s in logs is crucial for timely identifying malfunctions of systems. However, manually detecting ano
malies for logs is time-consuming, error-prone, and infeasible. Existing automatic log anomaly detec
tion approaches, using indexes rather than semantics of log templates, tend to cause false alarms. I
n this work, we propose LogAnomaly, a framework to model unstructured a log stream as a natural lang
uage sequence. Empowered by template2vec, a novel, simple yet effective method to extract the semant
ic information hidden in log templates, LogAnomaly can detect both sequential and quantitive log ano
malies simultaneously, which were not done by any previous work. Moreover, LogAnomaly can avoid the 
false alarms caused by the newly appearing log templates between periodic model retrainings. Our eva
luation on two public production log datasets show that LogAnomaly outperforms existing log-based an
omaly detection methods.
		    

39. a decomposition approach for urban anomaly detection across spatiotemporal data.
https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2019/837
被引数：0    ijcai2019
Abstract
Urban anomalies such as abnormal flow of crowds and traffic accidents could result in loss of life o
r property if not handled properly. Detecting urban anomalies at the early stage is important to min
imize the adverse effects. However, urban anomaly detection is difficult due to two challenges: a) t
he criteria of urban anomalies varies with different locations and time; b) urban anomalies of diffe
rent types may show different signs. In this paper, we propose a decomposing approach to address the
se two challenges. Specifically, we decompose urban dynamics into the normal component and the abnor
mal component. The normal component is merely decided by spatiotemporal features, while the abnormal
 component is caused by anomalous events. Then, we extract spatiotemporal features and estimate the 
normal component accordingly. At last, we derive the abnormal component to identify anomalies. We ev
aluate our method using both real-world and synthetic datasets. The results show our method can dete
ct meaningful events and outperforms state-of-the-art anomaly detecting methods by a large margin.
	
	    

40. addgraph: anomaly detection in dynamic graph using attention-based temporal gcn.
https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2019/614
被引数：0    ijcai2019
Abstract
Anomaly detection in dynamic graphs becomes very critical in many different application scenarios, e
.g., recommender systems, while it also raises huge challenges due to the high flexible nature of an
omaly and lack of sufficient labelled data. It is better to learn the anomaly patterns by considerin
g all possible features including the structural, content and temporal features, rather than utilizi
ng heuristic rules over the partial features. In this paper, we propose AddGraph, a general end-to-e
nd anomalous edge detection framework using an extended temporal GCN (Graph Convolutional Network) w
ith an attention model, which can capture both long-term patterns and the short-term patterns in dyn
amic graphs. In order to cope with insufficient explicit labelled data, we employ the negative sampl
ing and margin loss in training of AddGraph in a semi-supervised fashion. We conduct extensive exper
iments on real-world datasets, and illustrate that AddGraph can outperform the state-of-the-art comp
etitors in anomaly detection significantly.
		    

41. robust anomaly detection in videos using multilevel representations.
https://aaai.org/ojs/index.php/AAAI/article/view/4456
被引数：0    aaai2019
Abstract
Detecting anomalies in surveillance videos has long been an important but unsolved problem. In parti
cular, many existing solutions are overly sensitive to (often ephemeral) visual artifacts in the raw
 video data, resulting in false positives and fragmented detection regions. To overcome such sensiti
vity and to capture true anomalies with semantic significance, one natural idea is to seek validatio
n from abstract representations of the videos. This paper introduces a framework of robust anomaly d
etection using multilevel representations of both intensity and motion data. The framework consists 
of three main components: 1) representation learning using Denoising Autoencoders, 2) level-wise rep
resentation generation using Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks, and 3) consolidating anoma
lous regions detected at each representation level. Our proposed multilevel detector shows a signifi
cant improvement in pixel-level Equal Error Rate, namely 11

42. towards experienced anomaly detector through reinforcement learning.
https://www.aaai.org/ocs/index.php/AAAI/AAAI18/paper/view/16048
被引数：0    aaai2018
Abstract
html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Frameset//EN"
	"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-frameset.d
td"

43. learning regularity in skeleton trajectories for anomaly detection in videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_CVPR_2019/html/Morais_Learning_Regularity_in_Skeleton_Trajectories_for_Anomaly_Detection_in_Videos_CVPR_2019_paper.html
被引数：0    cvpr2019
Abstract
Appearance features have been widely used in video anomaly detection even though they contain comple
x entangled factors. We propose a new method to model the normal patterns of human movements in surv
eillance video for anomaly detection using dynamic skeleton features. We decompose the skeletal move
ments into two sub-components: global body movement and local body posture. We model the dynamics an
d interaction of the coupled features in our novel Message-Passing Encoder-Decoder Recurrent Network
. We observed that the decoupled features collaboratively interact in our spatio-temporal model to a
ccurately identify human-related irregular events from surveillance video sequences. Compared to tra
ditional appearance-based models, our method achieves superior outlier detection performance. Our mo
del also offers "open-box" examination and decision explanation made possible by the semantically un
derstandable features and a network architecture supporting interpretability.

44. graph convolutional label noise cleaner: train a plug-and-play action classifier for anomaly detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_CVPR_2019/html/Zhong_Graph_Convolutional_Label_Noise_Cleaner_Train_a_Plug-And-Play_Action_Classifier_CVPR_2019_paper.html
被引数：0    cvpr2019
Abstract
Video anomaly detection under weak labels is formulated as a typical multiple-instance learning prob
lem in previous works. In this paper, we provide a new perspective, i.e., a supervised learning task
 under noisy labels. In such a viewpoint, as long as cleaning away label noise, we can directly appl
y fully supervised action classifiers to weakly supervised anomaly detection, and take maximum advan
tage of these well-developed classifiers. For this purpose, we devise a graph convolutional network 
to correct noisy labels. Based upon feature similarity and temporal consistency, our network propaga
tes supervisory signals from high-confidence snippets to low-confidence ones. In this manner, the ne
twork is capable of providing cleaned supervision for action classifiers. During the test phase, we 
only need to obtain snippet-wise predictions from the action classifier without any extra post-proce
ssing. Extensive experiments on 3 datasets at different scales with 2 types of action classifiers de
monstrate the efficacy of our method. Remarkably, we obtain the frame-level AUC score of 82.12% on U
CF-Crime.

45. detecting abnormality without knowing normality: a two-stage approach for unsupervised video abnormal event detection.
https://doi.org/10.1145/3240508.3240615
被引数：0    mm2018
Abstract
... but we have temporarily restricted your access to the Digital Library.
Your activity appears to 
be coming from some type of automated process.
To ensure the availability of the Digital Library we 
can not allow these types of requests to continue.
The restriction will be removed automatically onc
e this activity stops.


46. efficient anomaly detection via matrix sketching.
http://papers.nips.cc/paper/8030-efficient-anomaly-detection-via-matrix-sketching
被引数：0    nips2018
Abstract
We consider the problem of finding anomalies in high-dimensional data using popular PCA based anomal
y scores.  The naive algorithms for computing these scores explicitly compute the PCA of the covaria
nce matrix which uses space quadratic in the dimensionality of the data. We give the first streaming
 algorithms that use space that is linear or sublinear in the dimension. We prove general results sh
owing that \emph{any} sketch of a matrix that satisfies a certain operator norm guarantee can be use
d to approximate these scores. We instantiate these results with powerful matrix sketching technique
s such as Frequent Directions and random projections to derive efficient and practical algorithms fo
r these problems, which we validate over real-world data sets. Our main technical contribution is to
 prove matrix perturbation inequalities for operators arising in the computation of these measures.

47. positive and unlabeled learning for anomaly detection with multi-features.
https://doi.org/10.1145/3123266.3123304
被引数：0    mm2017
Abstract
... but we have temporarily restricted your access to the Digital Library.
Your activity appears to 
be coming from some type of automated process.
To ensure the availability of the Digital Library we 
can not allow these types of requests to continue.
The restriction will be removed automatically onc
e this activity stops.


48. query-driven discovery of anomalous subgraphs in attributed graphs.
https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2017/433
被引数：0    ijcai2017
Abstract
For a detection problem, a user often has some prior knowledge about the structure-specific subgraph
s of interest, but few traditional approaches are capable of employing this knowledge. The main tech
nical challenge is that few approaches can efficiently model the space of connected subgraphs that a
re isomorphic to a query graph. We present a novel, efficient approach for optimizing a generic nonl
inear cost function subject to a query-specific structural constraint. Our approach enjoys strong th
eoretical guarantees on the convergence of a nearly optimal solution and a low time complexity. For 
the case study, we specialize the nonlinear function to several well-known graph scan statistics for
 anomalous subgraph discovery. Empirical evidence demonstrates that our method is superior to state-
of-the-art methods in several real-world anomaly detection tasks.
		    

49. accelerated local anomaly detection via resolving attributed networks.
https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2017/325
被引数：0    ijcai2017
Abstract
Attributed networks, in which network connectivity and node attributes are available, have been incr
easingly used to model real-world information systems, such as social media and e-commerce platforms
. While outlier detection has been extensively studied to identify anomalies that deviate from certa
in chosen background, existing algorithms cannot be directly applied on attributed networks due to t
he heterogeneous types of information and the scale of real-world data. Meanwhile, it has been obser
ved that  local anomalies, which may align with global condition, are hard to be detected by existin
g algorithms with interpretability. Motivated by the observations, in this paper, we propose to stud
y the problem of effective and efficient local anomaly detection in attributed networks. In particul
ar, we design a collective way for modeling heterogeneous network and attribute information, and dev
elop a novel and efficient distributed optimization algorithm to handle large-scale data. In the exp
eriments, we compare the proposed framework with the state-of-the-art methods on both real and synth
etic datasets, and demonstrate its effectiveness and efficiency through quantitative evaluation and 
case studies.
		    

50. deep abnormality detection in video data.
https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2017/768
被引数：0    ijcai2017
Abstract
Automated detection of anomalous events plays an important role in video surveillance systems in pra
ctice. This task, however, requires to deal with three challenging problems of the lack of annotated
 training data, the inexact description of what to be "abnormal" and the expensive feature engineeri
ng procedure. Most anomaly detection systems are only able to satisfy some of these challenges. In t
his work, we propose a deep abnormality detection system to handle all of them simultaneously. Deep 
abnormality detection is a deep generative network that is an unsupervised probabilistic framework t
o model the normality and learn feature representation automatically. Furthermore, unlike other exis
ting methods, our system can detect abnormality at multiple levels and be used as a powerful tool fo
r video analysis and scene understanding.
		    

51. expecting the unexpected: training detectors for unusual pedestrians with adversarial imposters
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/html/Huang_Expecting_the_Unexpected_CVPR_2017_paper.html
被引数：0    cvpr2017
Abstract
As autonomous vehicles become an every-day reality, high-accuracy pedestrian detection is of paramou
nt practical importance.  Pedestrian detection is a highly researched topic with mature methods,  bu
t most datasets (for both training and evaluation) focus on common scenes of people engaged in typic
al walking poses on sidewalks. But performance is most crucial for dangerous scenarios that are rare
ly observed, such as children playing in the street and people using bicycles/skateboards in unexpec
ted ways. Such "in-the-tail" data is notoriously hard to observe, making both training and testing d
ifficult. To analyze this problem, we have collected a novel annotated dataset of dangerous scenario
s called the Precarious Pedestrian dataset. Even given a  dedicated collection effort, it is relativ
ely small by contemporary standards (~ 1000 images). To explore large-scale data-driven learning, we
 explore the use of synthetic data generated by a game engine. A significant challenge is selected t
he right "priors" or parameters for synthesis: we would like realistic data with realistic poses and
 object configurations. Inspired by Generative Adversarial Networks, we generate a massive amount of
 synthetic data and train a discriminative classifier to select a realistic subset (that fools the c
lassifier), which we deem Synthetic Imposters. We demonstrate that this pipeline allows one to gener
ate realistic (or adverserial) training data by making use of rendering/animation engines. Interesti
ngly, we also demonstrate that such data can be used to rank algorithms, suggesting that Synthetic I
mposters can also be used for "in-the-tail" validation at test-time, a notoriously difficult challen
ge for real-world deployment. 

52. abnormal event discovery in user generated photos.
https://doi.org/10.1145/2964284.2975215
被引数：0    mm2016
Abstract
... but we have temporarily restricted your access to the Digital Library.
Your activity appears to 
be coming from some type of automated process.
To ensure the availability of the Digital Library we 
can not allow these types of requests to continue.
The restriction will be removed automatically onc
e this activity stops.


53. robust random cut forest based anomaly detection on streams.
http://proceedings.mlr.press/v48/guha16.html
被引数：0    icml2016
Abstract
In this paper we focus on the anomaly detection problem for dynamic data streams through the lens of
 random cut forests. We investigate a robust random cut data structure that can be used as a sketch 
or synopsis of the input stream. We provide a plausible definition of non-parametric anomalies based
 on the influence of an unseen point on the remainder of the data, i.e., the externality imposed by 
that point. We show how the sketch can be efficiently updated in a dynamic data stream. We demonstra
te the viability of the algorithm on publicly available real data.
  

54. mvtec ad -- a comprehensive real-world dataset for unsupervised anomaly detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_CVPR_2019/html/Bergmann_MVTec_AD_--_A_Comprehensive_Real-World_Dataset_for_Unsupervised_Anomaly_CVPR_2019_paper.html
被引数：0    cvpr2019
Abstract
The detection of anomalous structures in natural image data is of utmost importance for numerous tas
ks in the field of computer vision. The development of methods for unsupervised anomaly detection re
quires data on which to train and evaluate new approaches and ideas. We introduce the MVTec Anomaly 
Detection (MVTec AD) dataset containing 5354 high-resolution color images of different object and te
xture categories. It contains normal, i.e., defect-free, images intended for training and images wit
h anomalies intended for testing. The anomalies manifest themselves in the form of over 70 different
 types of defects such as scratches, dents, contaminations, and various structural changes. In addit
ion, we provide pixel-precise ground truth regions for all anomalies. We also conduct a thorough eva
luation of current state-of-the-art unsupervised anomaly detection methods based on deep architectur
es such as convolutional autoencoders, generative adversarial networks, and feature descriptors usin
g pre-trained convolutional neural networks, as well as classical computer vision methods. This init
ial benchmark indicates that there is considerable room for improvement. To the best of our knowledg
e, this is the first comprehensive, multi-object, multi-defect dataset for anomaly detection that pr
ovides pixel-accurate ground truth regions and focuses on real-world applications. 

55. the unusual effectiveness of averaging in gan training.
https://openreview.net/forum?id=SJgw_sRqFQ
被引数：0    iclr2019
Abstract
We examine two different techniques for parameter averaging in GAN training. Moving Average (MA) com
putes the time-average of parameters, whereas Exponential Moving Average (EMA) computes an exponenti
ally discounted sum. Whilst MA is known to lead to convergence in bilinear settings, we provide the 
-- to our knowledge -- first theoretical arguments in support of EMA. We show that EMA converges to 
limit cycles around the equilibrium with vanishing amplitude as the discount parameter approaches on
e for simple bilinear games and also enhances the stability of general GAN training. We establish ex
perimentally that both techniques are strikingly effective in the non-convex-concave GAN setting as 
well. Both improve inception and FID scores on different architectures and for different GAN objecti
ves. We provide comprehensive experimental results across a range of datasets -- mixture of Gaussian
s, CIFAR-10, STL-10, CelebA and ImageNet -- to demonstrate its effectiveness. We achieve state-of-th
e-art results on CIFAR-10 and produce clean CelebA face images.\footnote{~The code is available at \
url{https://github.com/yasinyazici/EMA_GAN}}

